SHINGAVI JEWELERS Pvt. Ltd is one of the leading jewellers in western India carrying the fervours of crafting jewelleries for more than 6 Decades, as an organization we have been imparting trust among customers with a legacy of ethical business since 1959 . Our foundation was laid by Suvalalji Shingavi & Rasiklalji Shingavi in MIRAJGAON dist. Ahmednagar Maharashtra. Both the brother were very passionate about there business. They started this business from scratch in mirajgaon. The people reaction towards them was not so positive but they did’t stop. Gradually people started believing on them as they were providing proper purity of gold & good customer service. Slowly they were consider the best jewelers in mirajgaon. After hard work of 10 years they decided to grow more & opened a branches in ahmednagar & solapur 1st branch in Ahmednagar , kapad bazar in the year 1970. This business increased from generation to generation and now this business is run by there 4th generation which is running successfully in ahmednagar with there 2nd branch in savedi which was open in the year 2017. Currently they have branches Mirajgaon 1 gold & silver Ahmednagar 2 gold , 2 silver & 1 Diamonds Solapur 2 gold , 1 silver & 1 Diamonds After establishing strong pillars of foundation and growing huge support of customers, it compelled us to open more jewellery retail outlets . As we are approaching towards new milestone of completing successful 63 years in the business, our clean approach helped us to extend 5 branches in Maharashtra. We have a rich heritage of serving customers, therefore by matching the place with the trends. At present our spacious showrooms provide a great ambience to customers shopping experience with widest range of jewellery products varying from Gold, Silver, Platinum and Gemstones to Pearls which adds value to our services. Our main focus has always remained on purity only. We offer genuine BIS Hallmark certified gold products with a purity of 18, 22, & 24 Karats i.e. 99.5, whereas in India these ornaments are being sold with a purity of 22 Karats. Competing with our creative designs has also played a major role in recognizing us as a symbol for purity that boosted our growth in the retail market.

Contact Us
(0241) 2553031 <br>
(+91) 8605500025
